https://www.annarbor.org/event/first-annual-a2-climate-teach-in/12146
First Annual A2 Climate Teach-In
2309 Packard, Ann Arbor, MI 48104
1:30 PM to 5:00 PM May 7, 2023
The First Annual A2 Climate Teach-in will be held on Sunday, May 7, 1:30-5:00 p.m. at Genesis of Ann Arbor (2309 Packard St.) To register for this free event, go to www.A2ClimateTeachin.comThe first teach-in, protesting the Vietnam War, was held at the University of Michigan in March, 1965. It inspired similar teach-ins at 120 campuses during the next nine months – and continued until the end of the war.That first teach-in is also the inspiration for The First Annual A2 Climate Teach-In scheduled for May 7. Similar to the Vietnam War teach-ins, this teach-in is addressing a critical issue which has been clouded by misinformation and a lack of coordinated action.“So many people feel anxious about the climate crisis, and want to take action, but they just don’t know where to start,” said Donald Levitt, one of the organizers of the A2 Climate Teach-in. “We’ll be providing lectures, workshops, and networking activities so people can learn what’s going on and figure out how to get involved.”Mayor Christopher Taylor will open the Teach-in discussing A2Zero – the City of Ann Arbor’s climate action plan. He will be followed by workshops organized around three tracks: What Can I Do? What Can We Do Together? Advocacy and Justice.UM Professor Shelie Miller will be the closing speaker. She will be followed by a networking event featuring opportunities to talk with 15 local climate action groups.“As in 1965, this teach-in is not just about teaching and learning,” said Levitt. “We want people to make connections and find their niche. Taking action, especially when you can join up with others, is the best way to manage our fears about the climate crisis.”“Ann Arbor has a long and illustrious history in climate action,” said Jennifer Wolf, another organizer of the event and a member of the Ann Arbor Office of Sustainability and Innovations team. “We are fortunate to have many of the local climate action groups attending the Teach-in and available to explain what they do and how to get involved.”
First Annual A2 Climate Teach-In The First Annual A2 Climate Teach-in will be held on Sunday, May 7, 1:30-5:00 p.m. at Genesis of Ann Arbor (2309 Packard St.) To register for this free event, go to www.A2ClimateTeachin.comThe first teach-in, protesting the Vietnam War, was held at the University of Michigan in March, 1965. It inspired similar teach-ins at 120 campuses during the next nine months – and continued until the end of the war.That first teach-in is also the inspiration for The First Annual A2 Climate Teach-In scheduled for May 7. Similar to the Vietnam War teach-ins, this teach-in is addressing a critical issue which has been clouded by misinformation and a lack of coordinated action.“So many people feel anxious about the climate crisis, and want to take action, but they just don’t know where to start,” said Donald Levitt, one of the organizers of the A2 Climate Teach-in. “We’ll be providing lectures, workshops, and networking activities so people can learn what’s going on and figure out how to get involved.”Mayor Christopher Taylor will open the Teach-in discussing A2Zero – the City of Ann Arbor’s climate action plan. He will be followed by workshops organized around three tracks: What Can I Do? What Can We Do Together? Advocacy and Justice.UM Professor Shelie Miller will be the closing speaker. She will be followed by a networking event featuring opportunities to talk with 15 local climate action groups.“As in 1965, this teach-in is not just about teaching and learning,” said Levitt. “We want people to make connections and find their niche. Taking action, especially when you can join up with others, is the best way to manage our fears about the climate crisis.”“Ann Arbor has a long and illustrious history in climate action,” said Jennifer Wolf, another organizer of the event and a member of the Ann Arbor Office of Sustainability and Innovations team. “We are fortunate to have many of the local climate action groups attending the Teach-in and available to explain what they do and how to get involved.”