https://www.annarbor.org/event/water-lantern-festival/11933
Water Lantern Festival
4570 Huron River Pkwy, Milford, MI 48380
6:00 PM to 10:00 PM June 3, 2023
Water Lantern Festival is filled with fun, happiness, hope, and great memories that you'll cherish for a lifetime. This is a family friendly event that can be shared by everyone. Friends, families, neighbors, and lots of people that you haven't met can come together to create a peaceful, memorable experience. EVENT SCHEDULE 6:00pm:  Gates Open 6:00 - 10:00pm: Enjoy Food Trucks / Music / Fun 8:30pm: Design your Lantern 9:00 - 10:00pm: Lantern Launch What's Included Each adult ticket comes with the following:   - Wristband for entry into the festival area with access to food trucks  - Floating lantern kit  - LED candle  - Commemorative drawstring bag  - Marker  - Playing Cards  - Conversation Cards  - Lantern retrieval and water clean upThe price covers the cost of collecting and removing the lanterns from the water following the event as well as cleaning up any trash that may have been previously been in or around the water. The lanterns are made from rice paper and wood so they are as eco-friendly as possible and we reuse and recycle the LED candles.In addition, we support the mission of Water.org in helping to provide safe water and sanitation to families around the world.
Water Lantern Festival Water Lantern Festival is filled with fun, happiness, hope, and great memories that you'll cherish for a lifetime. This is a family friendly event that can be shared by everyone. Friends, families, neighbors, and lots of people that you haven't met can come together to create a peaceful, memorable experience. EVENT SCHEDULE 6:00pm:  Gates Open 6:00 - 10:00pm: Enjoy Food Trucks / Music / Fun 8:30pm: Design your Lantern 9:00 - 10:00pm: Lantern Launch What's Included Each adult ticket comes with the following:   - Wristband for entry into the festival area with access to food trucks  - Floating lantern kit  - LED candle  - Commemorative drawstring bag  - Marker  - Playing Cards  - Conversation Cards  - Lantern retrieval and water clean upThe price covers the cost of collecting and removing the lanterns from the water following the event as well as cleaning up any trash that may have been previously been in or around the water. The lanterns are made from rice paper and wood so they are as eco-friendly as possible and we reuse and recycle the LED candles.In addition, we support the mission of Water.org in helping to provide safe water and sanitation to families around the world.