https://www.annarbor.org/event/ty-jeffries-miss-hope-springs/11749
Ty Jeffries - Miss Hope Springs
603 E Liberty Street, Ann Arbor, MI 48104
5:30 PM to 7:00 PM April 13, 2023
Ty Jeffries is a prolific composer, lyricist, pianist, singer, and character comedian, whose critically acclaimed works are influenced by the combination of his classical training and his love of both the golden age of Hollywood and the Great American and British Songbooks. He is the son of the late British character actor, screenwriter, and director Lionel Jeffries, who is famous for starring in Camelot and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.Jeffries is best known for his onstage persona of Miss Hope Springs, a blonde ex-Vegas showgirl alter-ego who plays the piano and sings cabaret songs. Jeffries plays Springs as a tragicomic ​“recovering showgirl” looking back on her life and career. The character is inspired partly by memories of fading Hollywood icons visiting his childhood home, as well as memories of him and his father watching old black-and-white films together.Jeffries won Best Cabaret Brighton Fringe in 2011 and was invited to open the new cabaret room The Crazy Coqs in London. Miss Hope Springs Sunday Soirées became an institution. Jeffries went on to be resident at The Matcham Room in the Hippodrome Casino (better known as The Talk of the Town where Judy Garland once played) and headlined at the Rah Rah Room in the old Pigalle Nightclub. In 2016, Jeffries toured the United States with Miss Hope Springs performing shows in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco and New Hope, Pennsylvania, with an appearance at Lincoln Centre. In 2019, Jeffries was awarded Best Cabaret for It’s Miss Hope Springs at the BroadwayWorld Edinburgh Fringe Festival. In 2021, he was invited to return to Wigmore Hall to perform a solo recorded concert for the iconic Pride 2021 celebration praised by NYC Bistro Awards. In 2022 Miss Hope Springs celebrated 10 years of residency at Crazy Coqs with a sold out rave review week of shows and the residency continues into 2023.Presented with support from the University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance. Series presenting partners: Detroit Public Television and PBS Books. Media partner: Michigan Radio.
Ty Jeffries - Miss Hope Springs Ty Jeffries is a prolific composer, lyricist, pianist, singer, and character comedian, whose critically acclaimed works are influenced by the combination of his classical training and his love of both the golden age of Hollywood and the Great American and British Songbooks. He is the son of the late British character actor, screenwriter, and director Lionel Jeffries, who is famous for starring in Camelot and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.Jeffries is best known for his onstage persona of Miss Hope Springs, a blonde ex-Vegas showgirl alter-ego who plays the piano and sings cabaret songs. Jeffries plays Springs as a tragicomic ​“recovering showgirl” looking back on her life and career. The character is inspired partly by memories of fading Hollywood icons visiting his childhood home, as well as memories of him and his father watching old black-and-white films together.Jeffries won Best Cabaret Brighton Fringe in 2011 and was invited to open the new cabaret room The Crazy Coqs in London. Miss Hope Springs Sunday Soirées became an institution. Jeffries went on to be resident at The Matcham Room in the Hippodrome Casino (better known as The Talk of the Town where Judy Garland once played) and headlined at the Rah Rah Room in the old Pigalle Nightclub. In 2016, Jeffries toured the United States with Miss Hope Springs performing shows in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco and New Hope, Pennsylvania, with an appearance at Lincoln Centre. In 2019, Jeffries was awarded Best Cabaret for It’s Miss Hope Springs at the BroadwayWorld Edinburgh Fringe Festival. In 2021, he was invited to return to Wigmore Hall to perform a solo recorded concert for the iconic Pride 2021 celebration praised by NYC Bistro Awards. In 2022 Miss Hope Springs celebrated 10 years of residency at Crazy Coqs with a sold out rave review week of shows and the residency continues into 2023.Presented with support from the University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance. Series presenting partners: Detroit Public Television and PBS Books. Media partner: Michigan Radio.