https://www.annarbor.org/event/the-threads-that-connect-us/12147
The Threads That Connect Us
2501 Jackson Rd, Ann Arbor, MI 48103
7:00 PM to 9:00 PM April 11, 2023
One night only! An evening with author Natalie Chanin!Author, fashion designer, slow design pioneer, and friend of the Roadhouse Natalie Chanin will be joining us for a special event on Tuesday, April 11th at 7 pm and we don’t want you to miss it. Much like it would be true to say that the Roadhouse is a barbeque restaurant, you could say that Natalie’s company, Alabama Chanin® is a textile company. But that would be overlooking the nuances that make us both special. We’re passionate about American foodways and dedicated to using great ingredients and supporting small artisan producers. Natalie’s passionate about slow design and zero-waste fashion and is dedicated to creating locally sewn garments and goods using organic and recycled materials. You might say we’re both all about community and preserving tradition.In her sixth book, Embroidery: Threads and Stories from Alabama Chanin and The School of Making (Abrams, October 2022), Natalie shares the origins and evolution of Alabama Chanin and the School of Making. Seamlessly pulling together seemingly disparate threads—from personal stories to musings on the ethics of textile production to lessons in sewing—this book is an empowering guide for all who love design and craft.Enjoy some of our favorite Roadhouse appetizers, while Ari Weinzweig, Zingerman’s CEO and Co-founder, leads a conversation with Natalie. She’ll be sharing stories and talking about her newly released book. Join us to turn an average Tuesday into something special. Space is limited, so sign up and save your seat today.
The Threads That Connect Us One night only! An evening with author Natalie Chanin!Author, fashion designer, slow design pioneer, and friend of the Roadhouse Natalie Chanin will be joining us for a special event on Tuesday, April 11th at 7 pm and we don’t want you to miss it. Much like it would be true to say that the Roadhouse is a barbeque restaurant, you could say that Natalie’s company, Alabama Chanin® is a textile company. But that would be overlooking the nuances that make us both special. We’re passionate about American foodways and dedicated to using great ingredients and supporting small artisan producers. Natalie’s passionate about slow design and zero-waste fashion and is dedicated to creating locally sewn garments and goods using organic and recycled materials. You might say we’re both all about community and preserving tradition.In her sixth book, Embroidery: Threads and Stories from Alabama Chanin and The School of Making (Abrams, October 2022), Natalie shares the origins and evolution of Alabama Chanin and the School of Making. Seamlessly pulling together seemingly disparate threads—from personal stories to musings on the ethics of textile production to lessons in sewing—this book is an empowering guide for all who love design and craft.Enjoy some of our favorite Roadhouse appetizers, while Ari Weinzweig, Zingerman’s CEO and Co-founder, leads a conversation with Natalie. She’ll be sharing stories and talking about her newly released book. Join us to turn an average Tuesday into something special. Space is limited, so sign up and save your seat today.