https://www.annarbor.org/event/bluegrass-friday%3a-pontiac-trail-blazers-ft-billy-king/12120
BLUEGRASS FRIDAY: PONTIAC TRAIL BLAZERS FT. BILLY KING
301 North 5th Avenue, Ann Arbor, MI 48104
7:00 PM to 10:00 PM April 21, 2023
Hailing from the Ann Arbor area, the Pontiac Trail Blazers have been the house bluegrass band for Detroit Street Filling Station since 2017. They are often joined by a bevy of special guests and focus on the beautiful harmonies and acoustic prowess that are unique to their Bluegrass roots. With a deep repertoire of traditional standards, originals, and unique covers, the Trail Blazers will keep you guessing with unexpected tunes and arrangements every week. Joining them this week is Billy King. As a seasoned performer, songwriter, and recording artist, Billy King's presence in the independent music scene brings an original blend of rootsy folk/pop with an occasional touch of country swing. Billy’s versatility as a multi-genre singer-songwriter is matched by his ability on a wide range of instruments from guitar and banjo to keyboards and accordion. An engaging solo and duo performer, Billy also delivers a high-energy set with his full band, which includes some of the area’s top musicians. Traversing intimate acoustic venues, major festival stages, and popular rural gatherings, he performs with lightness, dynamism, and sincerity.$10 Cover
BLUEGRASS FRIDAY: PONTIAC TRAIL BLAZERS FT. BILLY KING Hailing from the Ann Arbor area, the Pontiac Trail Blazers have been the house bluegrass band for Detroit Street Filling Station since 2017. They are often joined by a bevy of special guests and focus on the beautiful harmonies and acoustic prowess that are unique to their Bluegrass roots. With a deep repertoire of traditional standards, originals, and unique covers, the Trail Blazers will keep you guessing with unexpected tunes and arrangements every week. Joining them this week is Billy King. As a seasoned performer, songwriter, and recording artist, Billy King's presence in the independent music scene brings an original blend of rootsy folk/pop with an occasional touch of country swing. Billy’s versatility as a multi-genre singer-songwriter is matched by his ability on a wide range of instruments from guitar and banjo to keyboards and accordion. An engaging solo and duo performer, Billy also delivers a high-energy set with his full band, which includes some of the area’s top musicians. Traversing intimate acoustic venues, major festival stages, and popular rural gatherings, he performs with lightness, dynamism, and sincerity.$10 Cover