https://www.annarbor.org/event/big-hearted-stories%3a-on-purpose/12134
Big Hearted Stories: On Purpose
911 N. University Ave, Ann Arbor, MI 48109
7:00 PM May 18, 2023
On May 18, 2023, Big Hearts for Seniors (BHS) will feature our fourth annual evening of storytelling with the theme of Big Hearted Stories: On Purpose. Storytellers will share true stories about discovering purpose in their lives after experiencing the grief of losing loved ones, unspoken love and respect of a father, accessibility needs of a child, responsibility of caring for an elder, and growth of opportunities over a long career. Special guest Ari Weinzweig, co-founding partner of Zingerman's Community of Businesses, will talk about his journey from washing dishes to philanthropic entrepreneurship. Vic Strecher will again be our emcee. It will be an evening of stories that will fill your heart and inspire your soul. To purchase tickets, and for more information visit http://victors.us/BHS2023Big Hearted Stories: On PurposeLydia Mendelssohn Theatre/Michigan League5:30 - 6:30 p.m. | VIP reception (VIP tickets required to attend)6:00 p.m. | General admission and silent auction6:30 p.m. | Theater doors open7:00 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. | Storytelling performanceThe goal of the annual Big Hearts for Seniors event is to raise awareness and funds for six Michigan Medicine organizations that support older adults in our community:• Ann Arbor Meals on Wheels• Housing Bureau for Seniors• Osher Lifelong Learning Institute• Silver Club Memory Programs• Turner African American Services Council (new this year!)• Turner Senior Wellness Program
Big Hearted Stories: On Purpose On May 18, 2023, Big Hearts for Seniors (BHS) will feature our fourth annual evening of storytelling with the theme of Big Hearted Stories: On Purpose. Storytellers will share true stories about discovering purpose in their lives after experiencing the grief of losing loved ones, unspoken love and respect of a father, accessibility needs of a child, responsibility of caring for an elder, and growth of opportunities over a long career. Special guest Ari Weinzweig, co-founding partner of Zingerman's Community of Businesses, will talk about his journey from washing dishes to philanthropic entrepreneurship. Vic Strecher will again be our emcee. It will be an evening of stories that will fill your heart and inspire your soul. To purchase tickets, and for more information visit http://victors.us/BHS2023Big Hearted Stories: On PurposeLydia Mendelssohn Theatre/Michigan League5:30 - 6:30 p.m. | VIP reception (VIP tickets required to attend)6:00 p.m. | General admission and silent auction6:30 p.m. | Theater doors open7:00 p.m. - 8:30 p.m. | Storytelling performanceThe goal of the annual Big Hearts for Seniors event is to raise awareness and funds for six Michigan Medicine organizations that support older adults in our community:• Ann Arbor Meals on Wheels• Housing Bureau for Seniors• Osher Lifelong Learning Institute• Silver Club Memory Programs• Turner African American Services Council (new this year!)• Turner Senior Wellness Program