https://www.annarbor.org/event/ums-presents%3a-kaleigh-wilder-trio/11946
UMS Presents: Kaleigh Wilder Trio
100 Market Pl, Ypsilanti, MI 48198
7:30 PM April 25, 2023
U-M University Musical Society and the City of Ypsilanti announce a new partnership bringing performances and events for all ages to the Ypsilanti Freighthouse! Expect arts programming beginning with this week-long pilot program, April 22-29, 2023.  Baritone saxophonist Kaleigh Wilder has performed around the world, led her first album release, and now has plans to release two more albums as a bandleader with a New York-based record label—among several other ongoing projects.  Musicians Kaleigh Wilder, Ben Hall, Jaribu Shahid, and dancer Alexandria Davis will explore Afro-diasporic narratives that traverse oceans and endure attempts at erasure. Using rhythm, movement, timbre, melody, and cacophony, The Story Cuts Across What the Map Cuts Up celebrates what could not be subjugated or relegated to the margins. A continuous performance of original compositions, improvisations, and movement invites the audience to imagine not the physical map, but the stories that connect and produce our futures.   Please visit the website to join the interest list. Priority registration for Ypsilanti residents opens March 14.
UMS Presents: Kaleigh Wilder Trio U-M University Musical Society and the City of Ypsilanti announce a new partnership bringing performances and events for all ages to the Ypsilanti Freighthouse! Expect arts programming beginning with this week-long pilot program, April 22-29, 2023.  Baritone saxophonist Kaleigh Wilder has performed around the world, led her first album release, and now has plans to release two more albums as a bandleader with a New York-based record label—among several other ongoing projects.  Musicians Kaleigh Wilder, Ben Hall, Jaribu Shahid, and dancer Alexandria Davis will explore Afro-diasporic narratives that traverse oceans and endure attempts at erasure. Using rhythm, movement, timbre, melody, and cacophony, The Story Cuts Across What the Map Cuts Up celebrates what could not be subjugated or relegated to the margins. A continuous performance of original compositions, improvisations, and movement invites the audience to imagine not the physical map, but the stories that connect and produce our futures.   Please visit the website to join the interest list. Priority registration for Ypsilanti residents opens March 14.