https://www.annarbor.org/event/a2sf%3a-an-evening-with-ren%c3%a9e-elise-goldsberry/11868
A2SF: An Evening With Renée Elise Goldsberry
825 N University Ave, Ann Arbor, MI 48109
8:00 PM June 15, 2023
Renée Elise Goldsberry is a multi-hyphenate actress and singer who has delivered award winning performances both on Broadway and on the screen. She is perhaps best known for her role as Angelica Schuyler in the musical phenomenon Hamilton, which has become a cultural touchstone for the ages and earned her a Tony Award, Grammy Award, Drama Desk Award, and a Lucille Lortel Award as well as an Emmy Award for the Disney+ film adaptation. Renée currently stars in Marvel Studios newest television hit She Hulk, in Tina Fey’s Emmy nominated series, GIRLS5EVA, and Billy Porter’s film directorial debut, What If. Renée made her Broadway debut as “Nala” in The Lion King, and her performance as “Mimi” in Broadway’s closing cast of Rent which was immortalized on film as well as her Outer Critics Circle Award nominated performance opposite Frances McDormand in the play Good People, and the original Broadway version of The Color Purple.  Other highlights from her film and television career include co-starring in A24’s critical darling Waves opposite Sterling K. Brown, the Netflix series Altered Carbon, Documentary Now’s cult favorite Original Cast Album: Co-Op, The Good Wife, The House With a Clock in Its Walls, The Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks, The Get Down, and her creation of the beloved character Evangeline Williamson on ABC’S One Life To Live, for which she received two Daytime Emmy nominations and two NAACP Image Award nominations. Renée’s debut album will be released next year.
A2SF: An Evening With Renée Elise Goldsberry Renée Elise Goldsberry is a multi-hyphenate actress and singer who has delivered award winning performances both on Broadway and on the screen. She is perhaps best known for her role as Angelica Schuyler in the musical phenomenon Hamilton, which has become a cultural touchstone for the ages and earned her a Tony Award, Grammy Award, Drama Desk Award, and a Lucille Lortel Award as well as an Emmy Award for the Disney+ film adaptation. Renée currently stars in Marvel Studios newest television hit She Hulk, in Tina Fey’s Emmy nominated series, GIRLS5EVA, and Billy Porter’s film directorial debut, What If. Renée made her Broadway debut as “Nala” in The Lion King, and her performance as “Mimi” in Broadway’s closing cast of Rent which was immortalized on film as well as her Outer Critics Circle Award nominated performance opposite Frances McDormand in the play Good People, and the original Broadway version of The Color Purple.  Other highlights from her film and television career include co-starring in A24’s critical darling Waves opposite Sterling K. Brown, the Netflix series Altered Carbon, Documentary Now’s cult favorite Original Cast Album: Co-Op, The Good Wife, The House With a Clock in Its Walls, The Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks, The Get Down, and her creation of the beloved character Evangeline Williamson on ABC’S One Life To Live, for which she received two Daytime Emmy nominations and two NAACP Image Award nominations. Renée’s debut album will be released next year.