https://www.annarbor.org/event/author-event-%7c-greta-uehling%3a-everyday-war%3a-the-conflict-over-donbas-ukraine/11967
Author Event | Greta Uehling: Everyday War: The Conflict Over Donbas, Ukraine
343 South Fifth Avenue, 4th Floor Meeting Room, Ann Arbor, MI 48104
2:30 PM to 4:00 PM April 23, 2023
Greta Uehling will be discussing her new book, Everyday War: the Conflict Over Donbas, Ukraine. Dr. Uehling will speak about civilians' capacity to deliver comfort and care in spite of military conflict. Drawing upon her research in Ukraine, and utilizing stories from her interviews, she will explore the only seemingly mundane practices that emerge from moral thinking about human vulnerability and relatedness in landscapes filled with military conflict.Greta Uehling holds a PhD in cultural anthropology from the University of Michigan. In 2004, she completed a post-doctoral fellowship with the Solomon Asch Center for the Study of Ethnopolitical Conflict at the University of Pennsylvania. Her first book is Beyond Memory: The Deportation and Repatriation of the Crimean Tatars. Her forthcoming book is Everyday War: The Conflict over Donbas, Ukraine. She is also the author of numerous scholarly articles and the editor of two edited volumes.This event includes a signing with books for sale.
Author Event | Greta Uehling: Everyday War: The Conflict Over Donbas, Ukraine Greta Uehling will be discussing her new book, Everyday War: the Conflict Over Donbas, Ukraine. Dr. Uehling will speak about civilians' capacity to deliver comfort and care in spite of military conflict. Drawing upon her research in Ukraine, and utilizing stories from her interviews, she will explore the only seemingly mundane practices that emerge from moral thinking about human vulnerability and relatedness in landscapes filled with military conflict.Greta Uehling holds a PhD in cultural anthropology from the University of Michigan. In 2004, she completed a post-doctoral fellowship with the Solomon Asch Center for the Study of Ethnopolitical Conflict at the University of Pennsylvania. Her first book is Beyond Memory: The Deportation and Repatriation of the Crimean Tatars. Her forthcoming book is Everyday War: The Conflict over Donbas, Ukraine. She is also the author of numerous scholarly articles and the editor of two edited volumes.This event includes a signing with books for sale.