https://www.annarbor.org/event/ums-presents%3a-the-regenerate!-orchestra/11938
UMS Presents: The Regenerate! Orchestra
100 Market Pl, Ypsilanti, MI 48198
7:30 PM April 26, 2023
U-M University Musical Society and the City of Ypsilanti announce a new partnership bringing performances and events for all ages to the Ypsilanti Freighthouse! Expect arts programming beginning with this week-long pilot program, April 22-29, 2023.  The Regenerate Orchestra, which is made up of community members of every stripe, comes together to bring Ypsilanti a one-of-a-kind musical experience. Any and all music-makers are invited to perform with the Orchestra. Participants will meet twice to engage in sonic meditations, conversations about listening, and structured improvisations. Featured music may include classical, ambient, folk, and noise music, all orchestrated based on the instrumentation of those who sign up. Please visit the website to register and for more information. Reservations open to Ypsilanti residents on Tuesday, March 14 and the general public on Tuesday, March 28.
UMS Presents: The Regenerate! Orchestra U-M University Musical Society and the City of Ypsilanti announce a new partnership bringing performances and events for all ages to the Ypsilanti Freighthouse! Expect arts programming beginning with this week-long pilot program, April 22-29, 2023.  The Regenerate Orchestra, which is made up of community members of every stripe, comes together to bring Ypsilanti a one-of-a-kind musical experience. Any and all music-makers are invited to perform with the Orchestra. Participants will meet twice to engage in sonic meditations, conversations about listening, and structured improvisations. Featured music may include classical, ambient, folk, and noise music, all orchestrated based on the instrumentation of those who sign up. Please visit the website to register and for more information. Reservations open to Ypsilanti residents on Tuesday, March 14 and the general public on Tuesday, March 28.