https://stamps.umich.edu/events/michelle-hinojosa-poetry-by-the-light-of-the-quilts/
Michelle Hinojosa: Poetry by the light of the quilts (Saturday, April 22, 2023) | U-M Stamps | U-M Stamps
201 South Division Street Ann Arbor, Michigan 48104
2023-04-11T00:00:00-04:00
Event: Saturday, April 22, 2023 / Poetry by the light of the quilts is a poetry event that will be hosted by the Stamps Gallery together with Michelle Inez Hinojosa, MFA ‘23. The event will take place in Michelle’s thesis exhibition show, “lime green is the taco stand”. Michelle will kick off the readings with a collection of poems which explore topics of immigration, grief and storytelling. The rest of the event will then be open to poets from the community to read.  Coffee, tea, and sweet treats will be provided.  For more information, please contact Jennifer Junkermeier-Khan.
Offering a unique art and design education within the University of Michigan. Our programs focus on research and creative practice as engines for cultural change and innovation. At Stamps, you'll deepen your art and design practice through inquiry and research, global citizenry, and creative problem solving. View work by Stamps faculty, graduate students, and undergraduate students. Check out what's happening at Stamps, and sign up to receive notifications about upcoming events. Learn more about the Stamps community through student, faculty, staff, and alumni stories. Support the artists and designers of tomorrow. Join us.  Saturday, April 22, 2023                                                                                                       11:00 am                   –           1:00 pm                                                                                                                                                                 In-person Event                                Stamps Gallery                                                       201 South Division Street Ann Arbor, Michigan 48104                                                   Map/Directions   Hours/Access                                                                    Performance                                                      Open to the public                                                      Free of charge                                                                Poetry by the light of the quilts is a poetry event that will be hosted by the Stamps Gallery together with Michelle Inez Hinojosa, MFA ​‘23. The event will take place in Michelle’s thesis exhibition show, ​“lime green is the taco stand”. Michelle will kick off the readings with a collection of poems which explore topics of immigration, grief and storytelling. The rest of the event will then be open to poets from the community to read.  Coffee, tea, and sweet treats will be provided. For more information, please contact Jennifer Junkermeier-Khan.  Michelle Hinojosa: Poetry by the light of the quilts (Saturday, April 22, 2023) | U-M Stamps | U-M Stamps Event: Saturday, April 22, 2023 / Poetry by the light of the quilts is a poetry event that will be hosted by the Stamps Gallery together with Michelle Inez Hinojosa, MFA ‘23. The event will take place in Michelle’s thesis exhibition show, “lime green is the taco stand”. Michelle will kick off the readings with a collection of poems which explore topics of immigration, grief and storytelling. The rest of the event will then be open to poets from the community to read.  Coffee, tea, and sweet treats will be provided.  For more information, please contact Jennifer Junkermeier-Khan.