https://stamps.umich.edu/events/caroline-sinders-artist-talk-and-workshop/
Caroline Sinders: Artist Talk and Workshop (Saturday, April 8, 2023) | U-M Stamps | U-M Stamps
309 S Main St, Ann Arbor, MI 48104
2023-04-04T00:00:00-04:00
Event: Saturday, April 8, 2023 / Artist Caroline Sinders will present her work and lead a workshop on how design impacts privacy and security, and will explore ways to rethink how current large technology platforms generate surveillance capitalism that harm users but benefit the companies themselves. These workshops are interactive, and require no technology. Participants will be led through a series of speculative design exercises, allowing participants to rethink, remake, and reshape technology so it serves them and their communities, and not just the companies. Sinders is the 2023 Roman J. Witt Artist in Residence. This annual international competition awards one residency per academic year to a visiting artist/designer who proposes to develop a new work in collaboration with members of the Penny W. Stamps School of Art & Design and the University of Michigan community. Learn more about Sinders' residency and practice in this Q&A.
Offering a unique art and design education within the University of Michigan. Our programs focus on research and creative practice as engines for cultural change and innovation. At Stamps, you'll deepen your art and design practice through inquiry and research, global citizenry, and creative problem solving. View work by Stamps faculty, graduate students, and undergraduate students. Check out what's happening at Stamps, and sign up to receive notifications about upcoming events. Learn more about the Stamps community through student, faculty, staff, and alumni stories. Support the artists and designers of tomorrow. Join us.  Saturday, April 8, 2023                                                                                                       1:30                   –           3:00 pm                                                                                                                                                                 In-person Event                                CultureVerse                                                       309 S Main St, Ann Arbor, MI 48104                                                   Map/Directions                                                                     Workshop / Seminar                                                      Open to the public                                                      Free of charge                                                                Artist Caroline Sinders will present her work and lead a workshop on how design impacts privacy and security, and will explore ways to rethink how current large technology platforms generate surveillance capitalism that harm users but benefit the companies themselves. These workshops are interactive, and require no technology. Participants will be led through a series of speculative design exercises, allowing participants to rethink, remake, and reshape technology so it serves them and their communities, and not just the companies. Sinders is the 2023 Roman J. Witt Artist in Residence. This annual international competition awards one residency per academic year to a visiting artist/​designer who proposes to develop a new work in collaboration with members of the Penny W. Stamps School of Art &amp; Design and the University of Michigan community. Learn more about Sinders’ residency and practice in this Q&amp;A. Caroline Sinders: Artist Talk and Workshop (Saturday, April 8, 2023) | U-M Stamps | U-M Stamps Event: Saturday, April 8, 2023 / Artist Caroline Sinders will present her work and lead a workshop on how design impacts privacy and security, and will explore ways to rethink how current large technology platforms generate surveillance capitalism that harm users but benefit the companies themselves. These workshops are interactive, and require no technology. Participants will be led through a series of speculative design exercises, allowing participants to rethink, remake, and reshape technology so it serves them and their communities, and not just the companies. Sinders is the 2023 Roman J. Witt Artist in Residence. This annual international competition awards one residency per academic year to a visiting artist/designer who proposes to develop a new work in collaboration with members of the Penny W. Stamps School of Art & Design and the University of Michigan community. Learn more about Sinders' residency and practice in this Q&A.