https://stamps.umich.edu/events/2023-mfa-thesis-exhibition/
Seven for a Secret Never to be Told (March 24 – April 29, 2023) | U-M Stamps | U-M Stamps
201 South Division Street Ann Arbor, Michigan 48104
2023-03-24
Event: March 24 – April 29, 2023 / Seven for a Secret Never to be Told, the 2023 MFA Thesis exhibition, is on view from March 24 - April 29, 2023 at Stamps Gallery. This exhibition presents culminating projects by MFA in Art graduate students Oksana Briukhovetska, Emerson Granillo, Michelle Inez Hinojosa, Nicholas La Marca, Sebastian Llovera, Barbara Pearsall, and Peter Matthew Stack.
Offering a unique art and design education within the University of Michigan. Our programs focus on research and creative practice as engines for cultural change and innovation. At Stamps, you'll deepen your art and design practice through inquiry and research, global citizenry, and creative problem solving. View work by Stamps faculty, graduate students, and undergraduate students. Check out what's happening at Stamps, and sign up to receive notifications about upcoming events. Learn more about the Stamps community through student, faculty, staff, and alumni stories. Support the artists and designers of tomorrow. Join us.  March 24 – April 29, 2023                          In-person Event                                Stamps Gallery                                                       201 South Division Street Ann Arbor, Michigan 48104                                                   Map/Directions   Hours/Access                                                                    Exhibition                                                      Open to the public                                                      Free of charge                                                                Seven for a Secret Never to be Told, the 2023 MFA Thesis exhibition, is on view from March 24 — April 29, 2023 at Stamps Gallery. This exhibition presents culminating projects by MFA in Art graduate students Oksana Briukhovetska, Emerson Granillo, Michelle Inez Hinojosa, Nicholas La Marca, Sebastian Llovera, Barbara Pearsall, and Peter Matthew Stack. Related Events “Holy Grails” is an art exhibit that explores the intersection of documentary photography, portraiture, video installation, and the hype culture surrounding sneaker collection. As an artist, I am fascinated by the idea of sneakers as an asset class and the economics of the sneaker market, which serves as an example of rising inflation over multiple markets.  Through this exhibit, I aim to showcase the personalities and stories of sneaker collectors, documenting their passion for rare and coveted sneakers. Each portrait captures the essence of the subject’s relationship with sneakers, while the accompanying video installation provides a deeper look into their personal collections and insights into the sneaker culture.  By incorporating interviews with collectors and examining the hype culture surrounding sneakers, ​“Holy Grails” offers a unique perspective on the sneaker market as a reflection of broader economic trends. The sneaker economy is not unlike other markets that have experienced similar inflation and flipping practices, such as the art world or the housing market.  As an artist, I am committed to exploring the complex relationship between culture and economics, and ​“Holy Grails” is a testament to the power of art to shed light on these connections. Through documentary photography, portraiture, and video installation, I invite viewers to immerse themselves in the world of sneaker collection and to consider the broader implications of the sneaker market on our society. For more information, visit nick​la​marca​.com In the summer of 2022 I traveled around the United States, visiting several state and national parks, two nudist colonies, and a gay campground in Michigan. I photographed myself finding peace and pleasure in the sublime beauty of each natural location. The goal of this journey was to explore and document how the body can exist in diverse natural spaces, each with their own set of rules on how bodies are allowed to function within their borders. Expanding on this idea, I also present a physical simulacrum of my form. This alternate universe manifestation achieves my dream of fully returning to nature. These self-portraits show a queer body that is gorgeous and grotesque. A body that dares to be non-traditional in a world ruled by heteronormativity and capitalism. This work is meant to ignite urgent conversations about bodily autonomy, desexualized nudity, queer sexuality, and human relationships with nature.                                                          201 South Division Street Ann Arbor, Michigan 48104                               Map/Directions   Seven for a Secret Never to be Told (March 24 – April 29, 2023) | U-M Stamps | U-M Stamps Event: March 24 – April 29, 2023 / Seven for a Secret Never to be Told, the 2023 MFA Thesis exhibition, is on view from March 24 - April 29, 2023 at Stamps Gallery. This exhibition presents culminating projects by MFA in Art graduate students Oksana Briukhovetska, Emerson Granillo, Michelle Inez Hinojosa, Nicholas La Marca, Sebastian Llovera, Barbara Pearsall, and Peter Matthew Stack.