https://stamps.umich.edu/events/ty-jeffries/
POSTPONED: Ty Jeffries (Thursday, April 13, 2023) | U-M Stamps | U-M Stamps
603 E Liberty St, Ann Arbor, MI 48104
2023-04-13T17:30:00-04:00
Event: Thursday, April 13, 2023 / Note: This event, originally scheduled for April 13, 2023 has been postponed. We are working to reschedule this presentation for the Fall 2023 series. Ty Jeffries is a prolific composer, lyricist, pianist, singer, and character comedian, whose critically acclaimed works are influenced by the combination of his classical training and his love of both the golden age of Hollywood and the Great American and British Songbooks. He is the son of the late British character actor, screenwriter, and director Lionel Jeffries, who is famous for starring in Camelot and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Jeffries is best known for his onstage persona of Miss Hope Springs, a blonde ex-Vegas showgirl alter-ego who plays the piano and sings cabaret songs. Jeffries plays Springs as a tragicomic “recovering showgirl” looking back on her life and career. The character is inspired partly by memories of fading Hollywood icons visiting his childhood home, as well as memories of him and his father watching old black-and-white films together. Jeffries won Best Cabaret Brighton Fringe in 2011 and was invited to open the new cabaret room The Crazy Coqs in London. Miss Hope Springs Sunday Soirées became an institution. Jeffries went on to be resident at The Matcham Room in the Hippodrome Casino (better known as The Talk of the Town where Judy Garland once played) and headlined at the Rah Rah Room in the old Pigalle Nightclub.  In 2016, Jeffries toured the United States with Miss Hope Springs performing shows in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco and New Hope, Pennsylvania, with an appearance at Lincoln Centre. In 2019, Jeffries won Broadway World Awards “Best Cabaret” Edinburgh Fringe Festival for his show It’s Miss Hope Springs. In 2021, he was invited to return to Wigmore Hall to perform a solo recorded concert for the iconic Pride 2021 celebration praised by NYC Bistro Awards. In 2022 Miss Hope Springs celebrated 10 years of residency at Crazy Coqs with a sold out rave review week of shows, and the residency continues into 2023.
Offering a unique art and design education within the University of Michigan. Our programs focus on research and creative practice as engines for cultural change and innovation. At Stamps, you'll deepen your art and design practice through inquiry and research, global citizenry, and creative problem solving. View work by Stamps faculty, graduate students, and undergraduate students. Check out what's happening at Stamps, and sign up to receive notifications about upcoming events. Learn more about the Stamps community through student, faculty, staff, and alumni stories. Support the artists and designers of tomorrow. Join us.  Thursday, April 13, 2023                                                                                 5:30 pm                                                                                                                                                                In-person Event                                Michigan Theater                                                       603 E Liberty St, Ann Arbor, MI 48104                                                   Map/Directions    Penny Stamps Speaker Series                                                      Open to the public                                                      Free of charge                                                                      Watch Video  Note: This event, originally scheduled for April 13, 2023 has been postponed. We are working to reschedule this presentation for the Fall 2023 series. Ty Jeffries is a prolific composer, lyricist, pianist, singer, and character comedian, whose critically acclaimed works are influenced by the combination of his classical training and his love of both the golden age of Hollywood and the Great American and British Songbooks. He is the son of the late British character actor, screenwriter, and director Lionel Jeffries, who is famous for starring in Camelot and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Jeffries is best known for his onstage persona of Miss Hope Springs, a blonde ex-Vegas showgirl alter-ego who plays the piano and sings cabaret songs. Jeffries plays Springs as a tragicomic ​“recovering showgirl” looking back on her life and career. The character is inspired partly by memories of fading Hollywood icons visiting his childhood home, as well as memories of him and his father watching old black-and-white films together. Jeffries won Best Cabaret Brighton Fringe in 2011 and was invited to open the new cabaret room The Crazy Coqs in London. Miss Hope Springs Sunday Soirées became an institution. Jeffries went on to be resident at The Matcham Room in the Hippodrome Casino (better known as The Talk of the Town where Judy Garland once played) and headlined at the Rah Rah Room in the old Pigalle Nightclub.  In 2016, Jeffries toured the United States with Miss Hope Springs performing shows in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco and New Hope, Pennsylvania, with an appearance at Lincoln Centre. In 2019, Jeffries won Broadway World Awards ​“Best Cabaret” Edinburgh Fringe Festival for his show It’s Miss Hope Springs. In 2021, he was invited to return to Wigmore Hall to perform a solo recorded concert for the iconic Pride 2021 celebration praised by NYC Bistro Awards. In 2022 Miss Hope Springs celebrated 10 years of residency at Crazy Coqs with a sold out rave review week of shows, and the residency continues into 2023. Presented with support from the University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre &amp; Dance. Series presenting partners: Detroit Public Television and PBS Books. Media partner: Michigan Radio. In accordance with the University of Michigan’s Standard Practice Guidelines on Freedom of Speech and Artistic Expression, the Penny Stamps Speaker Series does not censor our speakers or their content. The content provided is intended for adult audiences and does not reflect the views of the University of Michigan or Detroit Public Television. POSTPONED: Ty Jeffries (Thursday, April 13, 2023) | U-M Stamps | U-M Stamps Event: Thursday, April 13, 2023 / Note: This event, originally scheduled for April 13, 2023 has been postponed. We are working to reschedule this presentation for the Fall 2023 series. Ty Jeffries is a prolific composer, lyricist, pianist, singer, and character comedian, whose critically acclaimed works are influenced by the combination of his classical training and his love of both the golden age of Hollywood and the Great American and British Songbooks. He is the son of the late British character actor, screenwriter, and director Lionel Jeffries, who is famous for starring in Camelot and Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Jeffries is best known for his onstage persona of Miss Hope Springs, a blonde ex-Vegas showgirl alter-ego who plays the piano and sings cabaret songs. Jeffries plays Springs as a tragicomic “recovering showgirl” looking back on her life and career. The character is inspired partly by memories of fading Hollywood icons visiting his childhood home, as well as memories of him and his father watching old black-and-white films together. Jeffries won Best Cabaret Brighton Fringe in 2011 and was invited to open the new cabaret room The Crazy Coqs in London. Miss Hope Springs Sunday Soirées became an institution. Jeffries went on to be resident at The Matcham Room in the Hippodrome Casino (better known as The Talk of the Town where Judy Garland once played) and headlined at the Rah Rah Room in the old Pigalle Nightclub.  In 2016, Jeffries toured the United States with Miss Hope Springs performing shows in New York, Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco and New Hope, Pennsylvania, with an appearance at Lincoln Centre. In 2019, Jeffries won Broadway World Awards “Best Cabaret” Edinburgh Fringe Festival for his show It’s Miss Hope Springs. In 2021, he was invited to return to Wigmore Hall to perform a solo recorded concert for the iconic Pride 2021 celebration praised by NYC Bistro Awards. In 2022 Miss Hope Springs celebrated 10 years of residency at Crazy Coqs with a sold out rave review week of shows, and the residency continues into 2023.