https://ums.org/performance/this-is-america-johnny-gandelsman-kinan-azmeh
This Is America: Johnny Gandelsman &#038; Kinan Azmeh
Arab American National Museum
2022-09-23T20:00
Grammy award-winning violinist and producer Johnny Gandelsman&#8217;s musical voice reflects the artistic collaborations he has been a part of since moving to the United States in 1995. As a founding member of Brooklyn Rider and a former member of the Silkroad Ensemble, Gandelsman worked with many luminaries. Gandelsman integrates a wide range of creative sensibilities into a unique style amongst today’s violinists. Gandelsman has been producing records since starting his label, In a Circle Records, in 2008. In addition to “This Is America,” recent credits include Ken Burns, Lynn Novick and Sarah Botstein’s PBS documentary “The US and the Holocaust,” Silkroad Ensemble’s “Falling out of Time,” as well as Brooklyn Rider’s Grammy-nominated “Healing Modes” &amp; “Spontaneous Symbols” (In a Circle Records).Syrian-born, Brooklyn-based genre-bending composer and clarinetist Kinan Azmeh has been touring the globe with great acclaim as a soloist, composer and improviser. He is a Silkroad Ensemble artist with whom he won a Grammy in 2016. Azmeh is a graduate of The Juilliard School, the Damascus High Institute of Music, and Damascus University’s School of Electrical Engineering, Azmeh holds a doctorate in music from the City University of New York. He is currently working on his first opera, Songs For Days To Come, which was recently premiered in June 2022 at The Osnabruck Theater, Germany.
This Is America: Johnny Gandelsman &#038; Kinan AzmehGrammy award-winning violinist and producer Johnny Gandelsman&#8217;s musical voice reflects the artistic collaborations he has been a part of since moving to the United States in 1995. As a founding member of Brooklyn Rider and a former member of the Silkroad Ensemble, Gandelsman worked with many luminaries. Gandelsman integrates a wide range of creative sensibilities into a unique style amongst today’s violinists. Gandelsman has been producing records since starting his label, In a Circle Records, in 2008. In addition to “This Is America,” recent credits include Ken Burns, Lynn Novick and Sarah Botstein’s PBS documentary “The US and the Holocaust,” Silkroad Ensemble’s “Falling out of Time,” as well as Brooklyn Rider’s Grammy-nominated “Healing Modes” &amp; “Spontaneous Symbols” (In a Circle Records).Syrian-born, Brooklyn-based genre-bending composer and clarinetist Kinan Azmeh has been touring the globe with great acclaim as a soloist, composer and improviser. He is a Silkroad Ensemble artist with whom he won a Grammy in 2016. Azmeh is a graduate of The Juilliard School, the Damascus High Institute of Music, and Damascus University’s School of Electrical Engineering, Azmeh holds a doctorate in music from the City University of New York. He is currently working on his first opera, Songs For Days To Come, which was recently premiered in June 2022 at The Osnabruck Theater, Germany.
