https://www.ypsireal.com/event/christine-hume-book-launch-%26-conversation-with-aisha-sabatini-sloan/12078
Christine Hume Book Launch & Conversation with Aisha Sabatini Sloan
229 W Michigan Ave, Ypsilanti, MI 48197
4:00 PM to 5:00 PM May 6, 2023
EMU Professor Christine Hume will discuss her new nonfiction book, Everything I Never Wanted to Know, which addresses issues of women's bodies, bodily autonomy, and more.Christine Hume has worked for over 20 years in EMU's Creative Writing department. As her website explains, "After publishing three books of poetry -- Musca Domestica (2000), Alaskaphrenia (2004), and Shot (2010), her writing evolved into prose forms, especially documentary, experimental, and lyric approaches to the essay." Her first collection of nonfiction essays, The Saturation Project, arrived in 2021. Her newest collection of essays, Everything I Never Wanted to Know, will publish in March 2023. It is "about two hated subjects in America: sex offenders and women’s bodies."According to the publisher's website, "In Everything I Never Wanted to Know, Christine Hume confronts the stigma and vulnerability of women’s bodies in the US. She explores bodily autonomy and sexual assault alongside the National Sex Offender Registry in order to invoke... a willingness to complicate our ideas of justice and defend every human’s right to be treated like a member of the community."For this event, Christine will sit in conversation to discuss her writing and research. For this collaborative discussion, she has invited writer and multimedia artist Aisha Sabatini Sloan, who teaches Creative Nonfiction at the University of Michigan. There will also be open time for Q+A.
Christine Hume Book Launch & Conversation with Aisha Sabatini Sloan EMU Professor Christine Hume will discuss her new nonfiction book, Everything I Never Wanted to Know, which addresses issues of women's bodies, bodily autonomy, and more.Christine Hume has worked for over 20 years in EMU's Creative Writing department. As her website explains, "After publishing three books of poetry -- Musca Domestica (2000), Alaskaphrenia (2004), and Shot (2010), her writing evolved into prose forms, especially documentary, experimental, and lyric approaches to the essay." Her first collection of nonfiction essays, The Saturation Project, arrived in 2021. Her newest collection of essays, Everything I Never Wanted to Know, will publish in March 2023. It is "about two hated subjects in America: sex offenders and women’s bodies."According to the publisher's website, "In Everything I Never Wanted to Know, Christine Hume confronts the stigma and vulnerability of women’s bodies in the US. She explores bodily autonomy and sexual assault alongside the National Sex Offender Registry in order to invoke... a willingness to complicate our ideas of justice and defend every human’s right to be treated like a member of the community."For this event, Christine will sit in conversation to discuss her writing and research. For this collaborative discussion, she has invited writer and multimedia artist Aisha Sabatini Sloan, who teaches Creative Nonfiction at the University of Michigan. There will also be open time for Q+A.