https://www.ypsireal.com/event/ums-presents%3a-reconnecting-currents%3a-a-healing-at-the-huron/11947
UMS Presents: Reconnecting Currents: A Healing at the Huron
100 Market Pl, Ypsilanti, MI 48198
6:00 PM April 27, 2023
U-M University Musical Society and the City of Ypsilanti announce a new partnership bringing performances and events for all ages to the Ypsilanti Freighthouse! Expect arts programming beginning with this week-long pilot program, April 22-29, 2023.  In this participatory public event, Marsae Lynette presents an evening of film, performance, and community.   This interactive event invites the local community to reconnect with freshwater sources such as the Huron River, as well as one another through reflection, restoration, and jubilation. Audience members are invited to both witness and engage in rituals of reconnection. Kresge Gilda Award Recipient Marsae Lynette is a dancer, educator, and ethnochoreologist whose research explores the ecological interdependence of women of the African diaspora and freshwater sources through the lens of embodied intelligence and spirituality.    Please visit the website to join the interest list. Priority registration for Ypsilanti residents opens March 14.
UMS Presents: Reconnecting Currents: A Healing at the Huron U-M University Musical Society and the City of Ypsilanti announce a new partnership bringing performances and events for all ages to the Ypsilanti Freighthouse! Expect arts programming beginning with this week-long pilot program, April 22-29, 2023.  In this participatory public event, Marsae Lynette presents an evening of film, performance, and community.   This interactive event invites the local community to reconnect with freshwater sources such as the Huron River, as well as one another through reflection, restoration, and jubilation. Audience members are invited to both witness and engage in rituals of reconnection. Kresge Gilda Award Recipient Marsae Lynette is a dancer, educator, and ethnochoreologist whose research explores the ecological interdependence of women of the African diaspora and freshwater sources through the lens of embodied intelligence and spirituality.    Please visit the website to join the interest list. Priority registration for Ypsilanti residents opens March 14.