https://www.ypsireal.com/event/unicorn-festival/12014
Unicorn Festival
76 N Huron St, Ypsilanti, MI 48197
12:00 PM to 5:00 PM April 15, 2023
Join us for the most magical festival of the year as we officially invite you to the second annual Unicorn Festival on Saturday, April 15th at Riverside Arts Center in 76 N. Huron StreetYpsilanti, MI 48197 ! The Unicorn Festival will be offered at two different time slots for your convenience: 12:00-2:00pm OR 3:00-5:00pm. Join us for a day full of all things magic, sparkles, rainbows, and, you guessed it… UNICORNS! We invite each of you to embark on this spectacular journey with us to celebrate what feeds YOUR happy place. What to expect? Fun activities, treats, and sparkly shenanigans. Exact details are to be released SOON!Be sure to get your tickets early! Ticket prices increase as follows:$40 – Early Unicorn Pricing until March 19th or until price tier sells out$50 – March 20th until April 2nd or until price tier sells out$60 – April 3rd until April 14th or until price tier sells out$65 – April 15th, The Day of Unicorn Festival.This event has limited tickets and we cannot ensure that day-of tickets will be available. We highly encourage pre-buying tickets to ensure that you don’t miss out on the magic!This event is suitable for unicorns of ALL AGES! All children must have a guardian with them while at the Unicorn Festival. Tickets are needed for any attendee that’s participating in festivities. Parents & guardians who are there for supervision only do not need to purchase a ticket unless they want to take part in the activities.Reach out with any questions you have at info@unicornfeedsupply.com
Unicorn Festival Join us for the most magical festival of the year as we officially invite you to the second annual Unicorn Festival on Saturday, April 15th at Riverside Arts Center in 76 N. Huron StreetYpsilanti, MI 48197 ! The Unicorn Festival will be offered at two different time slots for your convenience: 12:00-2:00pm OR 3:00-5:00pm. Join us for a day full of all things magic, sparkles, rainbows, and, you guessed it… UNICORNS! We invite each of you to embark on this spectacular journey with us to celebrate what feeds YOUR happy place. What to expect? Fun activities, treats, and sparkly shenanigans. Exact details are to be released SOON!Be sure to get your tickets early! Ticket prices increase as follows:$40 – Early Unicorn Pricing until March 19th or until price tier sells out$50 – March 20th until April 2nd or until price tier sells out$60 – April 3rd until April 14th or until price tier sells out$65 – April 15th, The Day of Unicorn Festival.This event has limited tickets and we cannot ensure that day-of tickets will be available. We highly encourage pre-buying tickets to ensure that you don’t miss out on the magic!This event is suitable for unicorns of ALL AGES! All children must have a guardian with them while at the Unicorn Festival. Tickets are needed for any attendee that’s participating in festivities. Parents & guardians who are there for supervision only do not need to purchase a ticket unless they want to take part in the activities.Reach out with any questions you have at info@unicornfeedsupply.com