https://www.ypsireal.com/event/nature-walks%3a-monthly-riverside-rambles/11597
Nature Walks: Monthly Riverside Rambles
Ypsilanti, MI 48197
10:00 AM January 8, 2023 - December 10, 2023
Join in for these upcoming Ypsilanti Bicentennial Walking events throughout 2023!  Every second Sunday of each month, explore Ypsilanti along the Huron River and its rich history. Tours will be led by Stefan Szumko, also known as SlugWhisperer, an enthusiast of nature and history.   Nature Walks: Monthly Riverside Rambles January - December, every second Sunday of each month  |  10:00 AM For nature lovers of all ages, explore the natural world along the Huron River. This tour is approximately 2 hours, and 1 mile round trip. January through March - Meet at the Ypsilanti FreighthouseApril through December - Meet at the pavilion at Waterworks Park  All tours will happen rain or shine (exception: lightning) Children must be accompanied and supervised by parents / guardians at all times No registration required. Tours will adapt to all ages and crowd size Tours will begin promptly at the time indicated for each event All events are free! Donations are accepted    Click here to view more Bicentennial Walking events. For more information on the Ypsilanti Bicentennial, click here.
Nature Walks: Monthly Riverside Rambles Join in for these upcoming Ypsilanti Bicentennial Walking events throughout 2023!  Every second Sunday of each month, explore Ypsilanti along the Huron River and its rich history. Tours will be led by Stefan Szumko, also known as SlugWhisperer, an enthusiast of nature and history.   Nature Walks: Monthly Riverside Rambles January - December, every second Sunday of each month  |  10:00 AM For nature lovers of all ages, explore the natural world along the Huron River. This tour is approximately 2 hours, and 1 mile round trip. January through March - Meet at the Ypsilanti FreighthouseApril through December - Meet at the pavilion at Waterworks Park  All tours will happen rain or shine (exception: lightning) Children must be accompanied and supervised by parents / guardians at all times No registration required. Tours will adapt to all ages and crowd size Tours will begin promptly at the time indicated for each event All events are free! Donations are accepted    Click here to view more Bicentennial Walking events. For more information on the Ypsilanti Bicentennial, click here.